Pages about a11y the bussiness case (#339)
wpaccessibility/wp-a11y-docs: docs/start/business/index.md

- **Increase Traffic**. More people can complete orders in your web shop.
- **Comply with the Law**. Your website is better prepared to adhere to your nation’s accessibility regulations and government contract requirements.

> - **Improve SEO and GEO**. Semantic meaningful (accessible) web code makes it easier for search engines and AI agents to understand and index the content of your website.

Reviewer: While SEO is pervasive enough that it can probably stand on its own without explanation, I think that GEO is too new to be referenced without abbreviation expansion.

The website you build is not for you or even your client. It’s for the users. Increasing accessibility instantly gains you a larger potential user-base.

Entire countries are among this increased user-base: Israel, Norway and Australia require all company websites to be accessible. Many other nations have laws regarding website accessibility. The WAI provides an overview on [Web Accessibility Laws & Policies](https://www.w3.org/WAI/policies/).

> We wrote a few in dept pages to give you, your clients or your management reasons to create accessible work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We wrote a few in-depth pages to give you, your clients or your management arguments to support accessibility work.
```
